# ADM: Snack Recommendation System

## Team Information

| Name | NEU ID 
| --- | --- 
|Prathamesh Vivek Limaye | 001051436
|Saurabh Rakesh Satra  | 001059412 

## Claat Link
https://codelabs-preview.appspot.com/?file_id=1ojM3N9GG3C425sPkd5iZ1BNT3qILpRMVxq7sZevpmI8#0


## About Dataset
The Dataset consists of data for the different kinds of users and ratings given by them for
several snack items. The data has following columns:

userID : Id’s for different users

itemID: id’s for several snack items

Rating: ratings given by different users for different snack items

SnackNames: Several snack item names, for instance: Cookies, Pancakes etc.

SnackType: Snack types according to meal timings, for instance: Breakfast, Lunch etc.


## Algortihms

### Restricted Boltzmann Machine (RBM)
A Restricted Boltzmann Machine (RBM) is a generative neural network model typically used to
perform unsupervised learning. The main task of an RBM is to learn the joint probability distribution
P(v, h), where v are the visible units and h the hidden ones. The hidden units represent latent
variables while the visible units are clamped on the input data. Once the joint distribution is learnt,
new examples are generated by sampling from it.

### Riemannian Low-rank Matrix Completion (RLRMC)
Riemannian Low-rank Matrix Completion (RLRMC) is a matrix factorization based (vanilla) matrix
completion algorithm that solves the optimization problem using Riemannian conjugate gradients
algorithm. The ratings matrix of snack items and users is modeled as a low-rank matrix. Let the
number of snack items be d and the number of users be T. The RLRMC algorithm assumes that the
ratings matrix M (of size d * T) is partially known. The entry at M(i, j) represents the rating given by
the j-th user to the i-th snack item. RLRMC learns matrix M as M=L * R(Transpose), where L is a d *
r matrix and R is a T * r matrix. Here, r is the rank hyper-parameter which needs to be provided to
the RLRMC algorithm. Typically, it is assumed that r << d, T.

## FastAPI
FastAPI is a high performance simple framework for building APIs(Application
Programming Interface). It combines the best of all the well known frameworks in Python
as well as Javascript. With FastAPI,we can have two different documentations with just a
simple code. Adding either docs or redoc to the endpoint /url will result in two different and
additional documentations .
We can then navigate to the localhost with http://127.0.0.1/ address.
The basic workflow includes
1)Import Packages
2)Create Our Route (/predict)
3)Load our Models and Vectorizer
4)Receive Input From Endpoint
5)Make our predictions

## Streamlit
Streamlit is a tool that allows engineers to quickly build highly interactive web applications
around their data, machine learning models, and pretty much anything.

## Apache Jmeter
Apache JMeter may be used to test performance both on static and dynamic resources, Web
dynamic applications. It can be used to simulate a heavy load on a server, group of servers,
network or object to test its strength or to analyze overall performance under different load
types. Apache JMeter features Ability to load and performance test many different
applications/server/protocol types such as Web: HTTP/HTTPS, SOAP/REST API, Databases
etc.
